Fixes some grammar problems in Js Hoisting (#20218)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/hoisting/index.md

[Function expressions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/function) and [class expressions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes#class_expressions) are not hoisted.

> The expressions evaluate a function or class (respectively), which is typically assigned to a variable.

Reviewer: The original text is correct. Expressions "evaluate to" values.

Author: @Josh-Cena done

> The expressions evaluate to a function or class (respectively), which is typically assigned to a variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expressions evaluate to a function or class (respectively). They are typically then assigned to a variable or passed to other functions.
```
